you don't see much on down earphone our
because there's one on solar now that
we're getting a little deeper see him
here to the side see them here to the
side there's one there see this one
pointed that way the shadow it's created
those are all fish on-site imaging that
I can see back here I know there's a
good pot of a bright city back there
just by using my side imaging we go hunt
them down first gotta find the fish
first once you find them then you set up
position
you want to come in out here in the fall
looking for these big king salmon it's
kind of really weird they act a lot like
a saltwater fish these fish they just
move around in big pods with the current
the current shifts back and forth and
the marina's and stuff like that a lot
like saltwater fishing so the fish move
with it and they set up in the current
based on which way the current story so
what I like to do is drive around and do
what I call hot lap I'm looking for I'm
trying to side image a big bunch of fish
I'm not looking I see one here one there
a couple right now but I'm looking for
the mother lode I'm looking for a full
pump pump pump up a bunch of sharks on
my screen when I see that then I set up
king salmon light action spinning tackle
if those really get any simpler that
we're bobber fishing down here in the
Milwaukee Harbor just with a bunch of
eggs like this it's so cool to catch
these big fish like this I'm light
tackle cool to stay out here in the
weather to pay for fishing tips fishing
information you can go to Plano molding
calm